OpenTelemetry Instrumentation API doc improvements (#1499)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: src/OpenTelemetry.Api/README.md

API](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/master/specification/trace/api.md)
allows users to generate
[Spans](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/master/specification/trace/api.md#span),
which represent a single operation within a trace. Spans can be nested to form a
trace tree. Each trace contains a root span, which typically describes the

> entire operation and, optionally one or more sub-spans for its sub-operations.

Reviewer: Not introduced by this PR, I wonder if we want to call it "child spans" instead of "sub spans" (and "child operations")?

Author: Yea agree child spans sounds better.

### Logging API

> OpenTelemetry does not introduce own API for logging. Instead it recommends to
> integrate with existing well-known logging library for each language. For .NET,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OpenTelemetry does not introduce its own API for logging. Instead it recommends to
integrate with existing well-known logging libraries for each language. For .NET,
```

Even though `Activity` enables all the scenarios OpenTelemetry supports, users
who are already familiar with OpenTelemetry terminology may find it easy to
operate with that terminology. For instance, `StartSpan` may be preferred over
`StartActivity`. To help with this transition, the OpenTelemetry.API package has
[shim](#instrumenting-using-opentelemetryapi-shim) classes
to wrap around the .NET `Activity` classes.

The shim exist only in the API. OpenTelemetry SDK for .NET will be operating
entirely with `Activity` only. Irrespective of whether shim classes or
`Activity` is used for instrumentation, the end result would be same. i.e
Processors/Exporters see the same data.

The recommended way of instrumenting is by using the [.NET Activity
API](#instrumenting-a-libraryapplication-with-net-activity-api). Users are
required to just take dependency on the
[DiagnosticSource](https://www.nuget.org/packages/System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource/5.0.0).
Adding dependency to
[OpenTelemetry.API](https://www.nuget.org/packages/opentelemetry.api) is

> required only for the following scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
required only for the following scenarios:
```

1. You want to use terminology matching OpenTelemetry spec (Span vs Activity).
   The [shim](#instrumenting-using-opentelemetryapi-shim) can be useful for such
   users. Refer to the [comparison of Activity API and OpenTelemetry Tracing

>    API](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/issues/947) if

Reviewer 2: Do we have documentation anywhere for the handful of functionality exposed via extension methods on Activity? I'm thinking like SetStatus, RecordException, etc. Not sure it makes sense to include this in this doc or perhaps #947.

Author: SetStatus is documented in this doc.
I'll review and add RecordException, once I confirm https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/master/specification/trace/semantic_conventions/exceptions.md spec is official and are no plans to change it. (I vaguely recollect open issues about, so will confirm that)

    ```

    If there are no listeners interested in this activity, the activity above
    will be null. This happens when the final application does not enable
    OpenTelemetry (or other `ActivityListener`s), or when OpenTelemetry samplers

>     chose not to sample this activity.. Ensure that all subsequent calls using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    chose not to sample this activity. Ensure that all subsequent calls using
```

>     this activity is protected with a null check.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    this activity are protected with a null check.
```

   Refer to the
   [specification](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/master/specification/common/common.md#attribute-and-label-naming)
   for best practices on naming tags. It is also possible to provide an initial
   set of tags during activity creation, as shown below. Tags provided at

>    activity creation is accessible for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   activity creation is accessible to
```

   [Samplers](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/master/specification/trace/sdk.md#sampler),

>    whereas any tags added using `SetTag` is not available for samplers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   whereas any tags added using `SetTag` are not available to samplers.
```

to be associated with `Activity`. There is no `Status` class in .NET, and hence
`Status` is set to an `Activity` using the following special tags

`otel.status_code` is the `Tag` name used to store the `StatusCode`, and
`otel.status_description` is the `Tag` name used to store the optional
`Description`.

Example:

```csharp
activity?.SetTag("otel.status_code", 2);
activity?.SetTag("otel.status_description", "error status description");
```

> StatusCodes can be 0,1,2 which corresponds to `Unset`, `Ok` and `Error`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
StatusCodes can be 0, 1, 2 which corresponds to `Unset`, `Ok` and `Error`
```

respectively from [StatusCode.cs](./Trace/StatusCode.cs)

If using OpenTelemetry API
[shim](#instrumenting-using-opentelemetryapi-shim), then you
can leverage the `SetStatus` extension method on `Activity` as well.

## Instrumenting using OpenTelemetry.API Shim

As mentioned in the introduction section, using OpenTelemetry.API Shim is only

> recommended if you want to use OpenTelemetry terminology like Tracer,Span

Reviewer: ```suggestion
recommended if you want to use OpenTelemetry terminology like Tracer, Span
```

> instead of ActivitySource,Activity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instead of ActivitySource, Activity.
```

Follow [this](../../examples/console/TestOTelShimWithConsoleExporter.cs) code for
example usage of this shim.

## Context propagation

[OpenTelemetry.API](https://www.nuget.org/packages/opentelemetry.api) must be
used to access [Propagators
API](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/master/specification/context/api-propagators.md)
which defines how to extract and inject context across process boundaries. This
is typically required if you are not using any of the .NET communication
libraries which has instrumentations already available which does the
propagation (eg: Asp.Net Core or HttpClient). In such cases, context extraction
and propagation is the responsibility of the library itself. An example would be

> a producer-consumer pattern using some queuing library like RabbitMq. Follow the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a producer-consumer pattern using some queuing library like RabbitMQ. Follow the
```
